Getting started changes (#511)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/appbuilder/generate-app/run-application-locally.md

---

> title: Indigo Design App Builder - Upload Application to Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Indigo Design App Builder - Upload Application to GitHub
```

> _description: Indigo Design App Builder enables users to choose between downloading their application locally or uploading it to their Github repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_description: Indigo Design App Builder enables users to choose between downloading their application locally or uploading it to their GitHub repository.
```

> _keywords: App Builder, Web App Builder, Design Systems, Design Systems UX, UI kit, Sketch, Ignite UI for Angular, Sketch to Angular, Angular, Angular Design System, Export code from Sketch, Design Kits for Angular, Sketch UI kits, Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_keywords: App Builder, Web App Builder, Design Systems, Design Systems UX, UI kit, Sketch, Ignite UI for Angular, Sketch to Angular, Angular, Angular Design System, Export code from Sketch, Design Kits for Angular, Sketch UI kits, GitHub
```

---
# Run Application Locally

> [!NOTE]

> ><b>The application files can be downloaded as a package and then run in your favourite IDE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
><b>The application files can be downloaded as a package and then run in your preferred IDE.
```

### In this article:
* <a href="#Run-the-app-locally">Run the app locally</a>

### Run the app locally

> To finally develop the app, you don't need to copy paste code. Instead use the generate app button in the toolbar. This quickly creates a package with your Angular application that can be downloaded. To run this app, open up the folder in an IDE like visual studio code. 

Reviewer 2: The first sentence sounds strange. Try to rephrase it differently e.g.
To complete the app development...
Also, I think you need to add "and" between copy and paste :)
```suggestion
To finally develop the app, you don't need to copy and paste code. Instead, use the generate app button in the toolbar. This quickly creates a package with your Angular application that can be downloaded. To run this app, open up the folder in an IDE like Visual Studio Code. 
```

* Make sure you have Node.js installed. <br>

> * Then in the console, type `npm install` to install the dependencies. It takes a while to install this, but we don't control this part. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Then in the console, type `npm install` to install the dependencies. It may take a while to install all the necessary packages. <be>
```
I rephrase it a bit so that it does not sound like an excuse

* Once that is done, type `npm start` to compile and launch the app.<br>
 
 
<img class="responsive-img" src="../../images/App-VSCode-Indigo-Design-App-Builder.png" srcset="../../images/App-VSCode-Indigo-Design-App-Builder @2x.png 2x" />

> <p style="text-align:center;">An application run in VScode</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="text-align:center;">An application running in VSCode</p>
```

> With the ability to create your designs visually using professional grade components in the editor, and then being able to generate an Angular app you can freely extend in your IDE offers you the best of both worlds. In the end, you are guaranteed that what you designed is exactly how it looks when the app is built. Don't forget to share your feedback using the feedback button. We look forward to hearing about your experience and also about what features are valuable to you as we move forwards to our next release milestone in the coming months. 

Reviewer 2: I don't have a clue what the first sentence is saying :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The App Builder allows you to design your applications visually using professional grade Ignite UI components, and then you are able to generate the as Angular applications that you can continue developing in your IDE of choice. In the end, you are guaranteed that what you designed in the App Builder design surface looks exactly the same when the app is generated and built. Don't forget to share your feedback using the feedback button. We look forward to hearing about your experience and also about what features are valuable to you as we move forwards to our next release milestones. 
```
